Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(SOUNDS OF SILENCE
BY SHELBY CARTER PLAYING)
♪ Hello. darkness.
my old friend ♪
♪ I've come
to talk with you again ♪
♪ Because
a vision softly creeping ♪
♪ Left its seeds
while I was sleeping ♪
♪ And the vision ♪
♪ That was planted
in my brain ♪
♪ Still remains ♪
♪ Within the sound of silence ♪
♪ In restless dreams.
I walked alone ♪
♪ Narrow streets
of cobblestone ♪
♪ 'Neath the halo
of a street lamp ♪
♪ I turned my collar
to the cold and damp ♪
♪ When my eyes were stabbed ♪
(CONTINUES PLAYING ON RADIO)
♪ By the flash ♪
♪ Of a neon light ♪
♪ That split the night ♪
Hello?
♪ Of silence ♪
(SIGHS)
♪ And in the naked light
I saw ♪
(DINGS)
♪ Ten thousand people.
maybe more ♪
♪ People talking
without speaking ♪
♪ People hearing without... ♪
(RADIO TUNES OUT)
(DOOR CREAKS SOFTLY)
Can I help you?
Hey. uh. I'd like a room
for the night. please.
Sure.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
That'll be $119 per night.
plus a $75 deposit.
(KEY CLACKS)
Uh. do you know the best way
to get to downtown Venus
from here?
(CHUCKLES) Sure do.
-Born and raised there.
-(CHUCKLES)
It's not really a downtown.
We only have. like.
486 people.
so it's like a street.
Uh. take a right
and then a left
and you'll run right into it.
It's like seven miles
down the road.
Thanks.
Sign.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
You're number 24.
(KEYS CLINK)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
And thanks for your help.
-(DOOR OPENS)
-See you soon.
(GAME SHOW HOST SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY ON TV)
(CHUCKLES)
(EVENLY SPACED KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Uh. I already got the robe.
Thank you.
GIRL: Is Tamara here?
No. you have the wrong room.
(DOG BARKING)
(HOST CONTINUES SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY ON TV)
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
GIRL: Is Tamara here?
(MOBILE BUTTON CLICKS)
(DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE)
(SIGHS)
(CLICKS)
(EXHALES)
(SIGHS)
(SCREAMS)
(GASPS)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
Please.
(TREMBLING)
Don't hurt me.
(GASPS)
(WHIMPERING)
(GASPING SOFTLY)
(CRYING SOFTLY)
(SNIFFLES)
What did I do?
Why did you take me?
(SOFTLY) Because you're here.
What? What? (CRYING)
-(SQUELCHING)
-(SCREAMS)
(COUGHS)
(FLESH SQUELCHING)
(GROANING)
(WHIMPERING)
(ENGINE IDLING)
(SLASHING)
(THUDS)
(PICKUP DOOR CREAKS AND CLOSES)
(GASPS)
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
(BIRD COOS)
(MUSIC NOTE PLAYS)
GREGORY:
You're still alive. huh?
This is the only way out.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
A bullet.
Relax.
Nobody has a mask here.
(EXHALES)
GREGORY: To the dead.
(GLASS THUDS SOFTLY)
Sit down.
It's for him.
His name was Ryan.
(SNIFFLES)
They killed your friends?
Yeah.
But I'll make new ones.
How long were you together?
Since the beginning.
Since we were kids.
Did you come here
to pray for her?
Do you really think
He'd listen to me?
Did you pray...
for Ryan?
You killed her.
I didn't mean to.
Yeah. you did.
I guess we're even.
What now?
Get the hell out of here.
Why do you think
God let Cain kill Abel?
I don't know.
Yeah. I don't know either.
Maybe He just wanted to watch.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN: (OVER RADIO)
Sheriff. come in.
Go ahead. Tommy.
TOMMY: Uh. Maya's sister
Debbie called.
She sent an ambulance
to the lake house for Maya.
And it's disappeared.
Disappeared?
Ambulance company has
lost contact.
Driver ain't responding.
Sister's on her way
from Portland.
She's gonna be in Venus
by morning.
Go to the lake house.
See if the EMT is there.
Copy that.
Out.
Maya.
We've been looking
all over for you.
You look like
you've been through hell.
I know where they are.
Where are they?
Get me out of here
and I'll tell you.
Where do you want to go?
Wherever my sister is.
Your sister's on her way here
from Portland.
(POLICE RADIO CHIRPS)
Okay.
Take me to her.
um...
and let me use your phone.
I never get any service
out here.
(CHUCKLES)
Okay.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER ON RADIO)
(INHALE. EXHALES DEEPLY)
(CHUCKLES)
God. sorry. Um...
Do you have a first aid kit?
My hand really hurts.
(MAYA WINCES AND GROANS SOFTLY)
Yeah. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Yeah. I got one in the back.
(MAYA GRUNTS IN PAIN)
TOMMY: (OVER RADIO)
Uh. Sheriff.
I'm en route to the lake house.
and it looks like we have
a 1249. multiple homicides.
Still no sign of the girl.
How would you like us
to proceed?
-Over.
-(RADIO CHIRPS)
-(HORN BLARING)
-(GASPS)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
-(SEATBELT LATCH CLICKS)
-(GRUNTS)
No. no. no!
(SCREAMS)
No. no. no! No.
No. no. no. no!
(MAYA GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(MAYA'S BREATH TREMBLING)
(PICKUP BED CLANKING)
(PHONE CHIMES)
JUDGE: Typically...
due to your son's young age.
the state would prefer
to attempt rehabilitation
through the parents.
along with regular counseling
and measured progress updates.
However.
due to the heinous
and cruelly brutal nature
of these acts.
he should be incarcerated.
Sheriff Rotter. please rise.
I have given this
great consideration.
but due. in no small part.
to your impeccable record
in law enforcement.
this court
has decided to allow you
to retain custody of your son.
(WOMAN GASPS) What?
JUDGE: But one infraction
and I will order incarceration
until at least 18 years of age.
Thank you. Your Honor.
I mean it. young man.
What happened. boy?
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(MAN SCREAMS AND GRUNTS)
(GROANING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(BOTH CONTINUE GRUNTING)
That's your first one.
You made a real mess here.
I prayed
this would never happen again.
Somehow I knew it would.
I'll fix it.
No more townsfolk.
you understand?
Yes. sir.
SHERIFF: Come on.
let's clean this up.
(CART RUMBLING AND CREAKING)
(RAPID SQUELCHING)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(THUDS)
(AMONG MY SOUVENIRS PERFORMED
BY CONNIE FRANCIS PLAYING)
♪ There's nothing left ♪
♪ For me ♪
♪ Of days that used to be ♪
♪ They're just a memory... ♪
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
♪ Among my souvenirs... ♪
You found the girl?
Not yet. Carol. We will.
(DOOR OPENS)
MAN: Excuse me. everyone.
My name is Howard Granick.
and this is a picture
of my sister-in-law. Maya.
As I'm sure you're aware.
her boyfriend was murdered here
a few days ago.
And now she's missing too.
Does anyone have any information
about where my sister is?
Anything at all?
I met your sister.
She seemed like a good person.
She doesn't deserve
any of what happened to her.
(WHISPERING) What is she doing?
Anyone else?
Hey. Annie.
Hi.
I got the sense
you had more to say.
but you didn't want to do it
back there.
It's just us now.
I just feel bad
that it's happening again.
But nobody talks about that.
What are you saying?
People have gone
missing here before?
Mm-hmm.
But not people from here.
I should get back.
Wait. No. no. hold on.
Look. how many others?
And what happened to them?
Sorry.
I really don't know anymore.
Come on. Annie.
This is my sister.
Please.
help me.
The sheriff.
he knows everything
that happens here.
He'll know where she is.
(MACHINE BUZZING)
(BUZZING)
(CONTINUES BUZZING)
Not too close. Marcus.
TOMMY: Found these three
at the lake house.
Nurse Danica.
her girlfriend.
and her roommate. Wayne.
Found the EMT van overturned
about three miles down
the main road.
No Maya.
no EMT driver...
and no Gregory.
(INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY)
I'm gonna call in
the state police.
You know. I always had
a hard time with this
and I've been with you
a long time. but...
these are our own.
They've never killed
our own before.
There was never supposed
to be anyone from Venus.
That's the deal I made.
If only that fucking girl had
just died.
none of this would
have happened.
What?
(TOOL RATTLING)
(TOOL CONTINUES RATTLING)
(DRAWER THUDS)
(TOOL RATTLING)
Sorry. Tommy.
(DOOR OPENS)
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
Don't fucking touch me!
(MAYA'S BREATH TREMBLING)
(MAYA GRUNTS)
(EXHALES)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
MAYA: Get off of me!
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(MASK THUDS)
Is that her?
We don't know that.
-Uh-uh.
-(TRUNK DOOR OPENS)
It looks too big.
He's leaving.
-Marcus...
-(SUV ENGINE STARTS)
...please don't lose him.
MARCUS: I won't.
(CAR ENGINE IDLING)
(MAYA GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
What about them?
Too big.
Too old.
I'm hungry.
Want anything?
(COLD HARD BITCH BY JET
PLAYING OVER P.A.)
Pretty girl.
what are you doing?
-Getting something to eat.
-(PLASTIC CRINKLING)
(CHUCKLES) Sounds good.
You want any help
picking something?
No.
Maybe I could help you
with something else then.
Oh. yeah. Like what?
Pretty good with my hands.
So am I.
WOMAN: What are you doing?
Oh. Hey. baby. Uh...
We were just talking.
I wasn't doing nothing.
You said you'd never
do this to me again.
(VOICE SHAKING) You promised.
Um. I'm not doing
anything. okay?
If you're gonna be paranoid.
just go wait outside.
Babe. hey. Babe.
Wait. She came up to me.
You're such a fucking liar.
I'm not lying. Okay?
Let's just go back to the motel.
Okay?
I have a surprise for you.
I saw them inside.
He's a dick.
MAN: Come on.
I like them.
Let's go.
Okay.
Is... Tamara here?
Is Tamara here?
(DOORKNOB CLICKS)
(THUDS)
He promised
he'd never do it again.
(PLASTIC CRINKLES)
You hungry?
(ENGINE IDLING)
(ENGINE TURNS OFF)
(COUPLE LAUGHING)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(ENGINE IDLING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(WOMAN LAUGHS)
(MAN LAUGHS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(MUFFLED DANCE MUSIC PLAYING)
-(MAN LAUGHS)
-(MAYA'S BREATH SHUDDERING)
(MAYA GASPS AND WHIMPERS)
DOLLFACE: Knock three times.
(BREATH TREMBLING)
WOMAN: (LAUGHING) Hello?
DOLLFACE: Is Tamara here?
WOMAN: (CHUCKLES)
There's no Tamara here.
DOLLFACE: (GRUNTS) Again.
(MAYA'S BREATH TREMBLING)
MAN: What?
DOLLFACE: Is Tamara here?
WOMAN: No. I told you.
(MAYA WHIMPERS AND GRUNTS)
(WOMAN GASPS AND SHRIEKS)
(SHRIEKING) No!
MAN: Who the fuck are you?
-(GROANS)
-(THUDS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(WHIMPERS SOFTLY)
(CRYING SOFTLY)
WOMAN: (CRYING) Please don't.
(WHIMPERING) Please.
Please.
(CRYING)
I'm sorry. I don't know.
What did we do?
What did we do? What did we do?
I don't know.
MAYA: Huh?
(MAYA GASPS)
(WOMAN CONTINUES SOBBING)
(MAYA WHIMPERS SOFTLY)
(SOFT RASPING)
(WOMAN WHIMPERS)
Please. please. please don't...
(MAYA GASPS)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
Kill one.
(WOMAN SOBBING)
(MAYA GRUNTS)
WOMAN: (SOBBING) I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
(MAYA WHIMPERING)
(WHIMPERS)
No.
(MAYA SHRIEKING)
-(SCARECROW GRUNTS)
-No!
(SOBBING)
Oh. my God!
What did we do? What did we do?
(SHRIEKING) No. no. no!
(SOBBING) No!
-Oh. no. no! Oh. no!
-(SQUELCHING AND CRACKING)
WOMAN: No. No! No! No.
(MUFFLED SLASHING)
(DOLLFACE GRUNTS AND SCREAMS)
(CRYING) No!
-(MAYA GRUNTING)
-(SQUELCHING)
(WOMAN SOBBING)
WOMAN: (CRYING) I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
(WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(SHUSHES)
(WOMAN CONTINUES
SOBBING QUIETLY)
(CRYING)
(CRYING. SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(MACHETE SCRAPES ACROSS FLOOR)
(WOMAN CONTINUES CRYING)
(WAILING)
(MAYA BREATHING WEAKLY)
(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(SQUELCHING)
(WOMAN GASPING AND GRUNTING)
(GASPING)
SCARECROW: Felt good. didn't it?
(MAYA WHIMPERS)
(BREATHING WEAKLY)
(DRIPPING)
(CRAZY ON YOU BY HEART PLAYING)
(MAYA BREATHES WEAKLY)
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
♪ We may still have time
We might still get by ♪
♪ Every time I think about it
I wanna cry ♪
♪ With bombs and the devil
And the kids keep coming ♪
♪ No way to breathe easy
No time to be young ♪
♪ But I tell myself
that I'm doing all right ♪
♪ There's nothing left to do
at night ♪
♪ But go crazy on you ♪
♪ Crazy on you ♪
♪ Let me go crazy.
crazy on you ♪
(MUSIC FADES)
(LINE RINGING)
SCARECROW: Yeah.
Her sister's here.
I'm leading her to the sawmill.
-(RADIO CHIRPS)
-(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
(ENGINE REVS SOFTLY)
HOWARD: Where'd he go?
I don't know.
He must've sped up.
I think we should
keep going this way.
(ENGINE STARTS)
You think he's in there?
No.
His SUV isn't here.
So now what?
It looks abandoned.
(SEATBELT LATCH CLICKS)
We'll make sure it's clear.
You'll stay here
and I'll find him.
You know how to use this?
You'll be safer with this
inside that trailer.
Okay. Clear. Hurry in.
Here.
Lock the door behind me.
Open it only for me.
Shoot through it
for anyone else.
On it.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SOFT CLATTERING)
(MECHANICAL SQUEAKING)
(CLATTERING
AND SQUEAKING CONTINUE)
(CLATTERING CONTINUES)
(MACHINERY SQUEAKING
AND CLATTERING)
Drop your weapon.
-(GUNSHOT)
-(MARCUS GROANS)
Howard. I'm scared.
Hey. hey.
We're gonna get out
of here. Deb. I promise.
We'll get out when we find Maya.
What the fuck is happening?
I don't know.
This is
one fucked-up small town.
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
(PICKUP DOOR CLOSES)
(CLANKING)
(DEB SIGHS) I need a Xanax.
-(BANGING)
-DEB: What?
(GUN COCKING)
HOWARD: I've got a gun!
-(BANGING AND CLATTERING)
-(BOTH GASP)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(DEB WHIMPERS)
HOWARD: Where is that?
Where is it?
-(CLANG)
-(METAL SCRAPING)
(SOFT CLATTERING)
(DULL SCRAPING)
-(GLASS SHATTERS)
-(DEB SHRIEKS)
-(HOWARD EXCLAIMS) Fuck!
-(THUDS)
-(HOWARD GRUNTS)
(DEB WHIMPERS)
-(GUNSHOTS)
-(DEB EXCLAIMS)
HOWARD: (GASPING)
It's all right.
(DEB CRYING QUIETLY)
-(GLASS SHATTERING)
-HOWARD: Come on.
-This way! This way!
-(DEB GRUNTS)
-(GLASS SHATTERING)
-(GUNSHOTS)
(MURMURS) Shit. shit.
I'll shoot again!
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay. it's okay.
Oh. fuck.
(ENGINE STARTS)
-(GEAR CLUNKS)
-(ENGINE REVS)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(BOTH GASP)
-Fuck!
-Oh. shit!
-(CRASHING)
-(HOWARD EXCLAIMS)
HOWARD: Debbie.
Are you okay?
-You okay? Are you okay?
-(HOWARD GROANS)
I can't get up. (GROANS)
Howard. we gotta go.
-(HOWARD GROANING)
-(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(DEB SCREAMS)
-(GUN CLICKS)
-HOWARD: Get away!
-(WHIMPERING) Howard!
-(HOWARD GROANS)
-(SHRIEKS)
-(SCREAMING)
-(SQUELCHING)
(ENGINE IDLING)
(DEB GASPING)
(DEB GRUNTING)
(DEB GRUNTS)
Maya.
(DEB WHIMPERS AND GRUNTS)
(CRIES SOFTLY)
-(SLASHING)
-(DEB SHRIEKS)
(PICKUP TAILGATE OPENS)
(BODY THUDS)
(PICKUP DOOR OPENS)
(SUV DOOR OPENS)
(THUDS)
(SUV DOOR CLOSES)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(BRAKES SQUEAK)
(ENGINE IDLING)
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYS)
MAN: (ON RADIO) Though sinners
may try and hide
their corruption
under honeyed words.
Lord Jesus sees
these servants of the pit
for the evil that lurks
within their wicked heart.
Because no matter how far down
you bury your sin.
it don't stay buried
with the worms of guilt.
It won't rest
until the Lord plunges you
into that all-consuming pit
-called Hell.
-(SOFT SQUELCHING)
PREACHER: (ON RADIO)
And best believe...
(GUN COCKING)
PREACHER: ...hell is
hungry for you.
-(GUN RELOADING)
-(SHELL CLINKING)
PREACHER: ...raise you
high enough
where the Devil
can't reach you.
Now. together. let's exalt him.
Please join our choir
in singing...
(CHOIR SINGING ON RADIO)
(WATER DRIPPING)
(METAL SCRAPING)
SCARECROW: There's only pain
in you now.
There's nothing
in me now.
I freed you.
Take off your mask.
I want to see you.
All these years.
you're the only one
that survived.
She was pure.
My only light in the darkness.
It's quiet in the dark.
Serene.
I came here to kill you.
So do it.
Everything I've ever
cared about is gone.
You took it from me.
You're all that's left.
(SOFT RASP)
It's empty.
(NIGHTS IN WHITE SATIN
BY THE MOODY BLUES PLAYING)
♪ Nights in white satin... ♪
(SNIFFS)
♪ Letters I've written... ♪
♪ Beauty I'd always missed ♪
♪ With these eyes before ♪
♪ Just what the truth is ♪
♪ I can't say anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause I love you ♪
♪ Yes. I love you ♪
♪ Oh. how I love you ♪
♪ Gazing at people ♪
♪ Some hand in hand ♪
♪ Just what I'm going through ♪
♪ They can't understand ♪
♪ Some try to tell me ♪
♪ Thoughts they cannot defend ♪
♪ Just what you want to be ♪
♪ You will be in the end ♪
♪ And I love you ♪
♪ Yes. I love you... ♪
(SLASHES)
♪ Oh. how I love you ♪
(GREGORY GROANS)
(GREGORY GROANS SOFTLY)
(AXE SCRAPING)
♪ Nights in white satin ♪
♪ Never reaching the end... ♪
We're the same now.
♪ Never meaning to send ♪
♪ Beauty I've always missed ♪
♪ With these eyes before ♪
Maybe.
♪ Just what the truth is ♪
♪ I can't say anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause I love you ♪
♪ Yes. I love you ♪
♪ Oh. how I love you ♪
(OMINOUS INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC
PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(OMINOUS INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC
PLAYING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm